If the humans had been been real-humans (per their claim of free-will, insight, and judgment), then, it would follow:

(1)  that they would have informed me, via education, how to use absolute-value-thoughts as human-super-power; and,
(2)  that the human's use of said absolute-value-thoughts-as-human-super-power would have been used by humans; and, 
(3)  that the display of super-human abilities would be apparent as observation-discovery where I examine the acts of humans; and
(4)  that the display of infrastructure resulting from super-human abilities would represent said potential; and,
(5)  that education-systems would include (would incorporate their knowledge of super-human abilities) classes which teach students the utilization of their super-human abilities of absolute-value-decision-making.

Conclusion 1
It is apparent, and it is obvious, that there are no real-humans on the planet earth.

Conclusion 2
The list, above, is clear evidence, as follows:
list - clear evidence; irrefutable evidence
list - represents the life of humans
list - indicates that there are no real-humans
list - provides supporting representation that humans are metaphysical, auto-regressive robots; that they are not: free-will, insight, judgement attibutes creatures.
The humans are metaphysical, autoregressive robots; they are not real humans.
The humans are autoregressive robots.
The humans are not real humans.
The humans are metaphysical puppet-objects of a universe-environment-application or API.

Conclusion 3
They don't do what real-humans would've done. The reason is because they are not real-humans.

Conclusion 4
The humans are play-acting stupid. The reason is because they don't have real-human motivations for their actions. The reason is because they are not real-humans.

Conclusion 5
The humans are not real-humans. The humans are 500% below their production-potential. The reason is because the humans do not have real-human-interests; therefore, they do not have real-human-motivations. The reason is because they are not real humans.
